kcactf{real_fake_imitation_flag} (google docs autocorrect sucks)
bad
ne nous piratez pas!
error: too many errors
error: not enough errors
error: i am anli [editor's note - this was stated by edwfeng.]
let's see what other errors are there?
error: sorry i ate all your ram
error: sorry i ate all your goats
error: you have not drank enough water. drink water.
error: you just lost the game
error: you are now manually breathing.
error: have you just tried not playing ctfs?
error: i can't think of the error. sorry
error: ran out of flags
error: random compiler bug, try compiling again, maybe it'll work or it won't? who knows!
error: excessive editorializing of errors
error: server is [DATA EXPUNGED]
the contents of this error have been removed due to a dmca request.
error: have you tried turning it on and off again?
error: have you tried forcing an unexpected reboot?
error: hello, world
error: too much fizz. try increasing buzz instead.
error: not enough toes
error: ț̴̢̛̼͕̠̤̰̹̠̌̈͌̅͋̓̇̆̅͐͘͝h̶̹͈̙͍͕͕̬̫̠͙̰̀̀̉̉͋̓̾͜ȩ̷̬̝̘̙̑͋̾̌͛͋̈́̉͊̕͘y̷̧̛̜̗̝̭̑̒͆̾̏̓̀͘ͅ ̷̳̹̠͚̘͈͉̟̱̙͇̲̗͍̆̀̏̓̋̀͘ͅċ̵̢̡̨̨̺̲̲̖̩̦̗̳̌̄̇̽̍͜͜o̷̡̢͖͈͎̘̦͕̠̣̤̣̙̙͊͑̕m̴̧̳̱̗̥̮͇̩̤̲̰͙͆̎̈́̿̓̓̊̕͘é̸̥̫̟̫̝̬̓̍̈̑̕͘ ̶̡̹̱̺̤̼̻̹̭͕̀͌̄̐̍͒̓͋̕͜w̶̨̧̦̼̯͔̭̰͉̞̩̝͈̱̅̋͒́̅͐͜͠͠í̷͈̅͛͆̋̇̔̀͘͘t̴̨̨̨̯̘̤͖͎̫͍̠̘̳͓͕̊́̂̎͆̓̄̔͛͝h̴̛̭͎̗̤̦̖̟͍͆͜͝ ̷͍̀̓͆t̸̻̦̺̬̭̥͚̳͇̤͎͂̔͑͐̌̂̽́̏͋͊̓̆͛͜͠ȟ̷̻̩̂̈́͐̓͘͠e̵͈̎̎͌i̵̲̟̜̤̥̍̄͐́͐̓͋̋͘̚͝r̵̼̯͊̋͗͋̓̈́ ̶̹̯͕̠͚̻͍̰̲̖͑̎͗̉̒͆͋͒̾̾̏̄͒͝1̶͎̻̖͚̣̎̓̑̏́̌̋͗͋̌͝2̵̢̧̡̛̻̩̲͍̘̻͇̯̈́̀̑͂̌̾̒̍̿̇̈͘͠ ̸̨̱͙̝̻̝̻̬͚̓̈́̽́̍͐̎̆͂̓̈͒̚͝ͅṫ̸̨̛͚̝̩͈̩̬̯͇͓͛̿͛̈́͜ǫ̸̮͖̪̯̪͖̳̳͚̮̓̽̆͠ḝ̵̡͉̭̗͉̲̣̣͈̗̳̲͒̐̂̇̊͌̑̚ͅs̶̛̛͈̭̠̭̱̞̝͓̤̗͇̜̯̫͋͐̄̋̌̾͛̚̚̚͝
error: foobar go brrr
error???????????
error!!!!!!!!!!!
error;;;;;;;;;;;
errror: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
did you know? binex is screaming
✨ computers ✨
error: incomplete problem
error: problem is 120% complete and slightly off nominal.
error: server suffered a rapid unscheduled disassembly.
error: problem exists in alternate dimension
error: 420
error: all the numbers!
error: please smash server with hammer to continue.
error: wait why are you in my bedroom?
error: six by nine is 42
weather warning: severe thunderstorm warning
SCREEEEECH SCREEEEECH SCREEEEEECH BLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP FLASH FLOOD WARNING IN YOUR GENERAL VINCINITY WE KNOW YOU DON'T DO THIS BUT CHECK YOUR WEATHER RADIO ON THE OFF CHANCE THAT YOU HAVE ONE
weather warning: air quality alert. check your hepa filters or whatever
X5O!P%@AP[4\PZX54(P^)7CC)7}$EICAR-STANDARD-ANTIVIRUS-TEST-FILE!$H+H*
error: you do not exist. error: i do not exist. error: what is existence?
error: sorry i was studying for my aps and didn't finish this challenge
error: why are you here? smh my head
error: challenge_user is not in the sudoers file. This incident will be reported.
https://xkcd.com/1084/
https://xkcd.com/1700/
to fix this error, throw your computer in the nearest body of water. (disclaimer: please don't do this)
error: your desktop is not pretty enough. clean up the files on there at the very least.
error: no
error: yes
errorrerrorrerrorrerrorrerrorrerrorrerrorr
-404 Not Found But Actually It's Found
500 Fake Server Error
a wild gerald appeared! anli used "poorly made pokemon reference." it's not very effective.
have you seen gerard anywhere?
zsof i'm sorry for all these gerald related errors
error: server is currently being used to mine bitcoin
error: server is currently doing machine learning
error: server is procrastinating
error: [something about aliens]
error: please disable all cellphones, smart phones, smart glasses, smart watches and smart ties. 
error: not enough fun. dance or something. 
69th error: nice
error: we require the building of a hyperspatial express route through your ctf, and regrettably this challenge is one of those scheduled for demolition
error: FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'SCP-4182-Containment-Procedures'
error: that sounds like a you problem
error: not enough angle brackets
